Update: proofreading popular Kotlin docs (#2552)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/delegated-properties.md

[//]: # (title: Delegated properties)

With some common kinds of properties, even though you can implement them manually every time you need them,

> it is more helpful to implement them once, add them to a library, and reuse them later. Examples include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is more helpful to implement them once, add them to a library, and reuse them later. For example:
```

```
Example@33a17727, thank you for delegating ‘p’ to me!
```

Similarly, when you assign to `p`, the `setValue()` function is called. The first two parameters are the same, and
the third holds the value being assigned:

```kotlin
e.p = "NEW"
```

This prints:
 
```
NEW has been assigned to ‘p’ in Example@33a17727.
```

The specification of the requirements to the delegated object can be found [below](#property-delegate-requirements).

> Note that you can declare a delegated property inside a function or code block; in other words, it doesn’t have to be a member of a class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can declare a delegated property inside a function or code block; it doesn’t have to be a member of a class.
```
